Migrate ACTION_BACKLIGHT_* to BL_* (#6299)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/ChangeLog/20190830/PR6299.md

* Migrating `ACTION_BACKLIGHT_*()` entries in `fn_actions` to `BL_` keycodes
    * `fn_actions` is deprecated, and its functionality has been superseded by direct keycodes and `process_record_user()`
    * All keymaps using these actions have had the relevant `KC_FN*` keys replaced with the equivalent `BL_*` keys

>     * All keymaps affected are recommended to switch away from `fn_actions` in favour of the [custom keycode](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/custom_quantum_functions) and [macro](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/feature_macros) features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If you currently use `KC_FN*` you will need to replace `fn_actions` with the [custom keycode](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/custom_quantum_functions) and [macro](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/feature_macros) features
```
